# BibliographyFactory
BibCreator Written In Java With Lots Of Configs And User Configurations That Can Be Done To The Application Without Need To Change The The Base Codes 


In this Application, you will be designing and implementing an alternative tool (to the existing ones), called BibCreator. The main task of this tool is read and process a given .bib file (which has one or more articles) and create 3 different files with the correct reference formats for IEEE, ACM and NJ.
In short, you are given 10 files, called Latex1.bib to Latex10.bib. You BibCreator application will need to read all 10 input files (in one execution), determine whether each of these files is valid or not (details given below). If a file is valid, then BibCreator will create 3 different files based on the articles in this file, one for IEEE format, one for ACM format and the last for NJ format. To distinguish our application from other existing similar software, we will call these files IEEEi.json, ACMi.json, and NJi.json (although in fact, the created files contain the references to the articles, and not json records!), where i is the Latex file #. For instance, Latex3.bib will result in the creation of 3 files called: IEEE3.json, ACM3.json and NJ3.json. If a file is invalid, then none of the 3 output reference files (for this invalid file) is created. So, in best case, BibCreator execution will result in the creation of 30 output files if all given Latex files are valid, and in worst case it will create 0 files (when all 10 input files are invalid).
